---
date: 2023-06-05T01:34:02.136Z
description: "Publicis Groupe Joins C2PA Steering Committee"
title: "C2PA welcomes first advertising holding company to steering committee"
summary: "Today, the Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity welcomed Publicis Groupe, one of the world's leading marketing organizations, as the newest steering committee member focused on digital media transparency and global adoption of content provenance."
---

**Publicis Groupe Joins C2PA Steering Committee**

*C2PA welcomes first advertising holding company to steering committee*

**SAN FRANCISCO, Calif. --- June 5, 2023**

Today, the Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity
([C2PA](https://c2pa.org/)) welcomed Publicis Groupe, one of the world's
leading marketing organizations, as the newest steering committee member
focused on digital media transparency and global adoption of content
provenance. Joining a collaborative group of industry leaders including
Adobe, BBC, Intel, Microsoft, Sony and Truepic, Publicis Groupe will
serve as the first advertising holding company on the C2PA's steering
committee at a critical time for the advancement of authentication
standards for digital media.

Establishing a clear and widely adopted standard for content
authentication and transparency in assets has never been more needed, as
artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities and conversations on the
usability of AI grow by leaps and bounds and misinformation continues to
grow online. Publicis Groupe's expertise across digital content, media
production, data and technology will make it a key contributor to the
C2PA's leadership in increasing authentication and provenance of
content. Beyond its deep industry knowledge, Publicis Groupe has also
advocated for the responsible use of AI across its portfolio and tools,
as well as with Marcel -- its internal, custom-made AI platform, which
includes a suite of features and services designed to connect Publicis
Groupe employees to opportunities, knowledge, expertise, and to each
other.

"We are pleased to welcome Publicis Groupe to the C2PA. The company
brings deep experience in branding and marketing that will support and
contribute to our core mission of establishing trust across all online
media," said Andrew Jenks, Chair of the C2PA. "Publicis Groupe joins a
growing standards body dedicated to scaling the open specification
across the digital media ecosystem."

The C2PA steering committee is responsible for developing guidelines
that address the most pressing issues around the use of content
provenance methods, in additional to identifying target industries,
establishing and overseeing technical working groups, and working with
the network of partner organizations.

Publicis Groupe's addition to the steering committee represents the
latest milestone for the C2PA as it continues to build significant
momentum in advancing the future of responsible digital media creation,
publication and sharing. In April 2023, the C2PA [released version
1.3](https://c2pa.org/specifications/specifications/1.3/specs/C2PA_Specification.html)
of its technical specification that includes expanded support for an
array of media types, as well as generative AI transparency
capabilities.

"Unquestionably, the capabilities of generative AI are evolving quickly,
and the need for leadership is critical," added Jem Ripley, CEO of
Publicis Digital Experience. "We are committed to bringing our expertise
across digital content, media, production, data and technology to the
forefront for C2PA, driving innovation and protections for our clients'
businesses, while ensuring the authenticity and regulation of all AI
content experiences in the future.

The C2PA's progress since its creation in 2020 has been bolstered by
strong partnerships with industry experts, policymakers, and academics,
community feedback and partner organizations, including the [Project
Origin Alliance](https://www.originproject.info/) and
the [Content Authenticity Initiative
(CAI)](https://contentauthenticity.org/). The C2PA is
focused on continuing its work with governments, platforms, publishers,
and tool providers to foster trust and transparency online through
global adoption of its technical standard for digital provenance.

**About the C2PA**

The Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity (C2PA) is an open,
technical standards body addressing the prevalence of misleading
information online through the development of technical standards for
certifying the source and history (or provenance) of digital content.
C2PA is a Joint Development Foundation project. For more information,
visit c2pa.org.

**About Publicis Groupe**

Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40] is a global
leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of
the value chain, from consulting to execution, combining marketing
transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a
privileged partner in its clients' transformation to enhance
personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten
expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication,
Media, Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization,
its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every
market. Present in over 100 countries, Publicis Groupe employs around
90,000 professionals.

**Media Contacts**

- Madeleine Burr (<mburr@adobe.com>), Adobe, a C2PA founding member

- Michelle McGowan (<michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com>), Publicis Groupe, EVP, Corporate Communications
    
- Cara Tocci (<cara.tocci@publicisna.com>), Publicis Digital Experience, SVP, Communications

